Our next practical activity is to
play around with the sensor for the
Raspberry Pi in order to reflect
on how sensors can be connected to
the Internet and be provided with
Internet of Things functionality.
I'm so here we're using a cheap DHT
11 sensor for the rosary prides so
available for just a few pounds an
and we are hard wiring that to the
GP IO pins of a Raspberry Pi here.
To do this you will need to follow
a video tutorial.
On YouTube, which is available,
which is where link which is
provided on this web application.
And once you get to the point
where the light turns on for this
device and it's been successfully
hardwired to the to the.
Raspberry Pi.
I would move on to the to the next
video tutorial which will be around
running applications on the Raspberry
Pi so that we can get some sort of
meaningful information out of the sensor.